Hmm mood
Why drink so much?
Xilin
I have good news for you.
Our costumes are going to be on TV
And still
A big star like Teresa Teng wears TV
What did you say? You're amazing
money
That's a lot of money.
Shenyang, I'm not dreaming, am I?
You are not dreaming
The money is yours.
Who?
Why are you so nice?
Zhang Lili today is my birthday
Can you give me a birthday present?
Let me tell you a secret.
Stone Forest, in fact
I'm not Jiang Lili
The person in front of you
It's a 32-year-old woman from the future world
I was beaten by you for 4 years
You have to call me sister
Even so
Are you willing to accept me too?
As long as it's you
I can accept whoever it is
So is that okay, sister?